# SmartCards
Developers:
- Sid Elkins
- Tyler Shipley
- Zach Stumpf
- Cade Sweeney

For The University of Alabama, Spring 2023 MIS 521 Assignment 4 & Final Project

## Description
Smart Cards is a website created as a final project for MIS 521, which enables students to view flashcard sets generated by their teachers and use ChatGPT to help them study terms. The website provides an interactive and efficient way for students to study and review important concepts, with the added benefit of having a powerful AI language model available to assist them in answering questions and clarifying any confusion. Teachers also have the ability to view reports about sets, including views, ratings, and comments.


## Site Functions
- Users can create an account and log in to an existing account.
- Students can only view, study, and rate flashcard sets.
- Teacher users can create sets, 
- After a user logs in, they should have the following abilities:
	- Edit their account information
	- Create a new flashcard deck
	- See all their created flashcard decks, and have options to view (see details), edit, delete, and practice that deck.
- Teachers can create multiple flashcard decks.
	- Each deck can hold many flashcards.
	- Teachers create the front and back of the card.
	- The front and back of a flashcard can be edited.
		- The front is intended for questions/terms
		- The back is intended for answers/definitions
	- Flashcards in a deck can be viewed, edited, and deleted.
- Students can "Study" a set, which allows them to use flashcards to test their knowledge.
	- If they wish to learn more about the topic, the "Ask ChatGPT" button allows them to leverage AI to gain valuable information.
- Users can practice a deck by entering "practice mode" [BETA]
	- When in practice mode, users can shuffle through their flashcards and flip them to switch between the front and back side of a flashcard.
- Flashcard decks should store information about how many cards they have, what time they were created, when they were last modified, and how many times a user has studied the set.

## Basic Requirements
For your group project: (from Blackboard)
- Brainstorm a concept for your group project
- Create your GitHub repo with your team as collaborators, and add Dr. Hudnall (mhudnall) and Jaiden (jmmalcom) to the repo
- Create your project in VS and set up the user login functionality
- Create and deploy an Azure database and connect the deployed database to your project
- Push all code to your repo before turning in the link to your GitHub
- Submit your GitHub link here, along with a brief description of your plan for your project and your team's names. You only need to submit one assignment per team!
- Source control should be used to prevent loss of code and communication among members.
    - Git is highly suggested
- The final product should be deployed to Azure for grading and public hosting. The deployed URL, access credentials, and the code via Git are requirements for project completion in addition to the MIS521 reports (see bottom).
- The project must be completed in C# Asp.NET MVC and follow MVC Standards covered in the class
- An Azure SQL database must be used for data persistence.

## Required Features
- User Login functionality (Login, Register, etc.)
- Minimum of two roles, Admin and User
- Admins should be able to:
    - add, remove, and edit objects
        - object should have at least 5 attributes of mostly different data types
    - assign roles to users (this one is NOT EASY! There are no scaffolded pages for this and you will have to create your own UI)
        - users should not have access to admin features 
- Anonymous users should have limited access
- A Bootstrap theme of your choice + CSS should be applied to all pages.  A Bootstrap CSS theme (single file) is not sufficient. A full theme with images and styling should be used.
- Ability to view reports detailing various data 
- Database should have enough data pre-loaded to test all functionality and reports
- ChatGPT must be implemented in the project and an API key will be provided for each project. Other OpenAI functions such as image generation, speech to text, etc. can possibly be used instead, but permission is required. Multiple API usage beyond ChatGPT is encouraged but not required.

### MIS 521 Requirements: All teams have AMP students, so all teams will be required to provide the following 3 reports:
- Application Performance Analytics
- Resource Budgeting
- Security Documentation
- Examples of these from prior semesters are posted to Blackboard.  
    - NOTE: Azure changes, so simply copy/pasting content from prior reports will be a dead giveaway!

## Due Date: May 3rd @ 11:59PM. Absolutely no late submissions will be allowed.
